[Music]
well hi there okay pay attention when
you want to train your body you go to
the gym if you want some breakfast
you crack some eggs and when you need a
mind workout you go and crack some
riddles they're known to boost your
thinking abilities and increase your
attention span are you ready to make
your brain sweat well let's get crackin
the odd one out you find yourself in a
photo gallery after looking at the wall
you realize that one of the pictures
doesn't belong you see a raccoon a llama
a football and a balloon can you tell
which is the odd one out you have seven
seconds to guess it's the llama picture
the other three objects have two double
letters in their names but the llama
only has one double and trust me don't
get too close to the llama they might
spit in your face it's not fun three
signs John's father has three sons
there's Jack a quiet intelligent student
then there's Jason a popular athlete so
who's the third side
[Music]
it's John his father has three sons Jack
Jason and him John half-full or
half-empty there's a barrel of water in
the yard you look inside and say that
it's more than half-full but your friend
argues that it's less than half-full how
to figure out who is right without using
any measuring tools or removing water
from the barrel took the barrel so that
the water touches the rim if you can see
the bottom the barrels less than
half-full if the bottom is still covered
with water it's more a smart teacher one
day a teacher decided to give her
students a test but all of them refused
to take it she could give detention for
skipping the test
- only one student all of them knew each
other's names if a student knew they
were going to get detention they agreed
to take the test how could the teacher
make all the students participate
[Music]
she told them that she'd give detention
to the student whose name came first
alphabetically then this person wouldn't
skip the test the next person on the
list wouldn't skip as well and so on
until the end of the list which way to
go you find yourself in the middle of a
forest with three paths in front of you
one is covered in burning hot coals
another is full of really sharp nails
and the third path is so ice-cold that
it feels like Antarctica right under
your feet which path should you choose
picked a third path all that ice is
bound to be gone so it's too close to
hot calls a blind customer a blind man
comes into an electronics store and
wants to buy a cell phone there are lots
of gadgets on the shelves but the man
can't see them and still ten minutes
later he leaves the store with the very
phone model he wanted how did he manage
it the man was blind not mute he just
asked a shop assistant to sell him the
phone he was after a mysterious stranger
John was at home sitting in his chair
with a book all of a sudden his wife's
super expensive statue fell and broke in
their bedroom he ran into the room in
time to see a stranger jump out the
window and run away John tried to chase
him but his glass has fogged up because
of the cold that's why he wasn't able to
identify the intruder when the police
arrived they listened to his story and
immediately knew he was lying the man
made this story up not to admit he had
broken the statue himself how did they
know this
anyone who wears glasses knows that they
don't fog up when you go from a warm
room to the cold outdoors it's the other
way around on a safari let's imagine you
don't know what an elephant looks like
one day you're going on a safari to
watch animals with your friends one of
them points at a rhino and tells you
it's an elephant the other shows you a
hippo and claims that it's an elephant
who will you believe in why the task was
to imagine that you didn't know what an
elephant looked like not that you didn't
know what a hippo and a rhino are it
means you won't believe either of your
friends a tough choice imagine you've
just entered a pitch-black room there's
an oil lamp a newspaper and some
kindling wood inside the room you have
only one match you have to make a tough
choice what to light first
the oil lamp is definitely a good choice
but it's still incorrect first of all
you need to light the match a rainy
paradox one day a man got caught in the
pouring rain unfortunately he had no
umbrella or had or anything else he
could use to stay dry yet not a single
hair on his head got wet
how so
[Music]
well the man was bald a modern-art
problem Michael Adams who dislike what
passed for art in modern times rushed
into the city gallery and caused
millions of dollars worth of damage to
several paintings yet the manager of the
gallery thanked mr. Adams for his
actions
how come
[Music]
Michael was a firefighter the water from
his hose damaged several masterpieces
but he still managed to extinguish the
fire and save many more exhibits a
resourceful horse a horse is on a long
rope the animal wants to get to an apple
tree but the distance to the tree is
longer than the ropes length and still
the horse manages to get there how is it
possible
[Music]
well the other end of the rope isn't
attached to anything
a security guard what does a security
guard do when a bird sits on their head
probably shoes it away right if a bird
is sitting on a security guards head
this person is most likely sleeping a
match puzzle you have three matches can
you make a six out of them without
breaking them into pieces
[Music]
who said the number has to be a standard
six but the matches make a perfect Roman
numeral three right from the get-go
so all you have to do is bring the
bottoms of the first two matches toward
each other and you've got a Roman
numeral six a weird code what kind of
code can you put on only when it's wet
[Music]
the answer is a coat of paint
how clever really a near-miss a man
dressed in all black from head to toe
was walking in the middle of the road
and all of a sudden a huge black car
with his headlights off came around the
corner and screeched to a halt not to
hit him how on earth did the driver of
the car see the man in black well it's
kind of hard not to notice a man dressed
completely in black during the daytime
which animal imagine that you're in the
wild and there's a lion in front of you
and a Jaguar behind you you have a
tranquilizer with only one arrow can you
figure your way out of this tough spot
[Music]
well I'd tranquilized the lion and drive
off in the Jaguar I mean it's a pretty
fast car right hidden treasure
Martha really loved her little sister
Marie but once she had to go away for
the whole day she didn't want Murray to
miss her too much or get bored that's
why she organized a treasure hunt for
the girl before Martha left she gave her
little sister a map
she told the girl if she followed the
instructions she'd find a real treasure
Marie followed the map to a tape she
made the exact number of steps and
turned it all the right spots she
eventually got to the end and started
digging the little girl dug and dug but
still found nothing naturally she was
pretty upset when Martha got back she
took the map and almost immediately
found the treasure how so hopefully
seven seconds will be enough for you to
crack this mystery
[Music]
Martha made one major mistake when she
was drawing the map her steps were a lot
bigger than mureeds that's why the
younger girl couldn't find a spot where
Martha had hidden the treasure the only
way out Sam and his brother John were
always fighting their mom couldn't take
it any longer and came up with a clever
plan to stop them
she told the boys to stand on the same
piece of paper in such a way that they
didn't touch each other and it worked
the boys couldn't fight anymore how did
she do it
[Music]
the woman slipped the paper under a
closed door and made Sam stand on one
side and John on the other sleepless
times during which month do people sleep
the least during February it has only 28
or a maximum of 29 days that just cracks
me up hey if you learn something new
today then give the video a like and
share it with a friend
and here are some other videos I think
you'll enjoy just click to the left or
right and remember stay on the bright
side of life